Add mitigations for security vulnerabilities (#497)
roboflow/inference: docs/server_configuration/accepted_input_formats.md

# Input formats accepted by `inference` server

## Why should I care?

The Roboflow team has designed the inference server to be as user-friendly and straightforward to integrate as 
possible. We understand that some users prioritize ease of use, which is why we did not restrict the use of 
potentially less secure data loading methods. This approach caters to those who prefer a simple and accessible 
serving mechanism without the need for rigorous security measures.

However, we also recognize the importance of having a production-ready solution. Therefore, we offer configuration 
options that allow users to disable potentially unsafe behaviors.

In this document, we explain how to configure the server to either enhance security or enable more 
flexible behaviors, depending on your needs.

## Deserialization of pickled `numpy` objects

> One of the way to make request to inference server is to send serialised numpy object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the ways to send requests to the inference server is via serialized numpy objects:
```

```python
import cv2
import pickle
import requests

image = cv2.imread("...")
img_str = pickle.dumps(image)

infer_payload = {
    "model_id": "{project_id}/{model_version}",
    "image": {
        "type": "numpy",
        "value": img_str,
    },
    "api_key": "YOUR-API-KEY",
}

res = requests.post(
    "http://localhost:9001/infer/{task}",
    json=infer_payload,
)
```

Starting from version `v0.14.0`, deserialization of this type of payload is disabled by default. However, you can 

> enable it by setting environmental variable `ALLOW_NUMPY_INPUT=True`. Check [inference cli docs](../inference_helpers/inference_cli.md) to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enable it by setting an environmental variable, `ALLOW_NUMPY_INPUT=True`. Check [inference cli docs](../inference_helpers/inference_cli.md) to
```

> see how to run server with that flag. This option is **not available at Roboflow hosted inference**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see how to run the server with that flag. This option is **not available in Roboflow's Hosted Inference API**.
```

!!! warning

    Roboflow advises all users hosting the inference server in production environments not to enable this option if 

>     there is any risk of malicious requests reaching the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the server is open to requests from the open Internet or is not locked down to accept only authenticated requests from your workspace's API key.
```

## Sending URLs to inference images

Making GET requests to obtain images from URLs can expose the server to 
[server-side request forgery (SSRF) attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server-side_request_forgery). However, it is also very convenient to simply provide an image URL 
for requests:
```python
import requests

infer_payload = {
    "model_id": "{project_id}/{model_version}",
    "image": {
        "type": "numpy",
        "value": "https://some.com/image.jpg",
    },
    "api_key": "YOUR-API-KEY",
}

res = requests.post(
    "http://localhost:9001/infer/{task}",
    json=infer_payload,
)
```

This option is **enabled by default**, but we recommend configuring the server to enhance security using one or more of
the following environment variables:
* `ALLOW_URL_INPUT` - Set to `False` to allow only HTTPS protocol in URLs. This helps ensure that domain names are 
not maliciously resolved.

> * `ALLOW_NON_HTTPS_URL_INPUT` - set to `False` to only allow https protocol in URLs (useful to make sure domain names are

Reviewer: How is this one different from the one just above?

Author: yeah, mistake
